hello hi my name is Ramos Amiens mr.
Kenya gay male call this morning ask me
where I give a quick testimony as to how
we met and what's going on with me at
this point just four days ago which was
friday i was walking at OC park i think
that's the name of the park mr. Kenya
was working out his class he sort of
interrupted my niche work out so I
wasn't really doing nothing so he talked
about this program I really didn't kind
of believe in what this program was do
but I wanted to try something and I want
to be disciplined with it and he was
telling me these little tricks about how
a person can lose a lot of weight so I'm
like okay if he believed it I gotta
believe it i'm not doing nothing else so
actually that same day he worked out
with the rest of his group i worked like
that evening workout again so bottom
line is i dropped 15 pounds in four days
yes 15 pounds in four days pretty much
been working out twice a day King has
been working out with me not taking any
type of extra peels or vitamins or
anything like that pretty much just
followed his program and to be totally
honest I really haven't been probably
his program one two percent but within
that four days I had two beers and a
burger so besides that I've been pretty
much sticking to the water and doing the
things he said it so for four and a half
days on down 15 pounds he wanted me to
be as poster child and if you don't
believe it can be done I mean even I
lost five pounds in one day I couldn't
believe it I weighed myself twice five
pounds in one day so on so what I would
do please you know you people that are
watching even Kenya I'll be the little
post guitar so every week I weighed
myself in so our goal is by friday i'm
going to be down 20 pounds
so since I've lost 15 pounds in that
short period of time I'm going to shoot
for 20 I am I tired not I'm not tired
this my knees hurt publish that I got a
lot of weight on me but besides that I'm
not tired I'm not hungry the workouts
are bearable but they're not ridiculous
and I think he just really confused your
body or confuse your mind that make you
do it more than you think you can do but
uh I'm nobody special and also I want to
put something out there I hadn't worked
out in 20 years maybe 15 20 years not to
be exaggerating but just started getting
back into it and he don't cut you no
slack neither so you think that first
workout is gonna be solved the first
promote of the second workout he jumped
on my backside to told him and he's not
a little guy and I just want also little
record he saw her irritating to so but
besides that his client works the weight
is coming out I even YouTube or Google
to try to see how much of weight of
person to lose in one week 15 pounds for
four and a half days I'm the result so
keep your cameras going I will do
something else next week just to show
you how much weight I couldn't move so
you can have something to baseline it on
but beside that I'll bring your sexy
back spanks 10 you keep it up buddy